# Module-8-Input-Outputstringmanipulationandplyr-package
For this assignment, we were given a dataset consisting of twenty names, with an age, sex, and grade on a scale of 1-100. We were then asked to take this data set, to import it into Rstudio, create a second dataset that also adds a mean for the two sexes and lists the appropriate sex's mean in a fifth column. We were then to convert this into a txt file. We were then to filter the original data into a new data.frame with only students whose names include the letter "i", at which point that was also to be used to create a txt file. 

I spent a frankly embarrassing amount of time trying to figure out how to import a file into rstudio in a way that would allow me to mark it as data, but found myself unable to do so through inputs such as x = read.table(file.choose("AssignmentSixDataset"),header=TRUE,sep=”,”), running into regular references to "unexpected input" that I couldn't decode. In the end I found myself discovering and making use of the "Import Dataset" option listed under Environment in rstudio in order to get my foot in the door, at which point things became much easier. After that it was simple enough to use a plyr function in order to transform one kind of data.frame into another, using the readings and the assignment page as a guide, and turning things into txt files requires little effort. Figuring out how to best convert the data.frame to only "i" names required more effort and consulting but merely required one use of a new function and then a write.table to make it txt. 
